don't bring anyone love into this you
know I've read about some big actors
they go to other countries weren't you
telling me that no I was telling you
that ugly guy from Star Wars the one who
plays far worse yeah he was on girls
oh that ugly guy immediately by the way
you know I don't know what it is about
the Star Wars casting because we just
saw the latest installment and
everybody's fucking in a dog city yeah
Dog Chow I don't know why why they can't
cast attractive actors to play
oh no boletes I mean everybody's a
fucking Bowser I'm it's a dog pound why
you would say it's a bunch of dogs on
their own there and then especially that
guy from girls yeah Adam driver his name
he is so ugly I don't even know why
eating man no I know no he looks good
there there that's a good photo is it
but I mean look I'm not I personally I
don't find him sexually attractive maybe
some women do but I feel like he's not
very traditionally handsome let's say
that we're traditionalist we want you to
be handsome the way we want it to be
handsome he looks good there though
that's upsetting that's like a good fuck
good photo of him he looks like a young
kinu there I don't disagree no but in
the movie you're just like can you put
your mask back on
yeah yeah I'm like I'm gonna put that
shit back on or paint more of those
black scars on your face really like the
stitching yeah he looked cooler with the
scars on his face I thought yeah I don't
know I was like anyway no spoiler I'm
not gonna spoiler alert or any or
whatever the word is you earned the
platform they Luke Skywalker does make
an appearance okay and when you know
that he was he goes to the island of the
gurus or wherever he's from truth afar
island right Jafar Croaker's now
annoying to us as viewers they don't
address the biggest issue which is how
does he masturbate because there's no
internet connection
there's no masturbation and there's also
it's like there's all this high-tech
shit but he's not watching any porn or
asking for porn like even when
and he runs into another person he's
like he's not like did you bring any
porn with you right so stupid well he's
been there for so many years been there
a long time doesn't try to fuck he's not
like what's up with you kids
there's no mother humans there there's
only yeah but then he runs into a human
at some point he's not like are you down
right yeah it's weird it's weird that he
lives in like a brick hut so we we
didn't get to see how he shits or where
he shits which I think that's the first
question no bathroom breaks in any part
of the movies aliens and people
coexisting no ones like I got to go to
the bathroom
no one says like I'm horny I want to
jerk off right no one tries to fuck
anybody and nobody eats ever in these
films which it makes me crazy like which
I guess is the exhibition for why
they're not going the bathroom but yeah
it's really stupid like George Lucas has
a real fucking hole in this major plot
holes yeah maybe they eat like military
MREs that block them up you know like
they're high in calories that scene
where is this yeah where's that scene I
mean they're on spaceships and things
not like you see a spaceship where
there's like a wookie where does he
share a couple human rights another
alien yeah and no one's like hey we're
up in the spaceship right now do you
guys want to have an orgy right or like
is anyone got shit well you'd think the
wookie would take wookie sighs dumps Oh
it'd be horrendous
where's Chewbacca they'd be like get out
of here you know and they forcing the
shit out of the side of those you know
spaceship what is Chewbacca eat like
they don't doesn't show him eating
doesn't show him by the way trying to
fuck any women which wookie you would
look at me like that's gonna yeah well
and it's annoying because he and c-3po
or are no r2d2 they both say the same
phrases Oh like wow and then the other
human understands it yeah always
oh oh you mean you want to go outside
chewy like that sounded exactly the same
as everything he's been saying for 20
years maybe it's like Japanese you know
they just grunt a lot and you're like
well that's a totally different phrase
that's the same thing you just yeah or
Mandarin too like John
and you're like okay what does that mean
and they're like right that means we
have lunch in 17 minutes and you're like
all right I know I heard you like no now
I just said that the the car downstairs
the tires are flat wait you just said 17
minutes ago
so you're equated the wookie language
with Mandarin or the r2d2 language with
with one of the oldest languages on the
planet I don't know okay there's a lot
of things do you think George Lucas
studied Japanese and then wrote the
language well I was not doing Japanese
Japanese like oh I'm sorry my ear is not
as tuned as do you think there are
people out there like you know how
people learn Klingon do you think there
are people that learn to speak
Chewbacca's language like there are
schools yeah yeah and and the c-3po
language whatever are people so
dedicated to virginity being nerds thats
that Threepio I know it's none of the
dumbest things I think that happens you
know I don't think it's fair to equate
Chinese or Japanese with the wookie
language rc3 I think that's pretty I
keep mixing them up r2d2 is the tiny one
c-3po is the golden uptight
yeah the no-fun broke yeah he's the gay
robot yeah he's totally gay right yeah
he's he's very much like him always
going like oh yeah he's Fae
yeah do you think so you think George
Lucas wrote him is like the gay gay
robot
[Music]